commands.md, before:

# Commands

## Key 
| Symbol      | Meaning                        |
| ----------- | ------------------------------ |
| (Argument)  | Argument is not required.      |

## Utility
| Commands     | Arguments | Description                                                       |
| ------------ | --------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------- |
| A            |           | Press the 'A' button!                                             |
| Down, ⬇️     |           | Move Up                                                           |
| Help         | (Command) | Display a help menu.                                              |
| Left, ⬅️     |           | Move Up                                                           |
| PFP, Profile | @username | Did someone make their Profile Picture for ants? Well here ya go! |
| Right, ➡️    |           | Move Up                                                           |
| Up, ⬆️       |           | Move Up                                                           |
| resize       |           | Resize Window                                                     |

Commit message:

Commands Updated
B, Select, Start Commands added.
Up, Down, Left, Right, B, Select, and Start commands all implemented.

commands.md, after:

# Commands

## Key 
| Symbol      | Meaning                        |
| ----------- | ------------------------------ |
| (Argument)  | Argument is not required.      |

## Utility
| Commands     | Arguments | Description                                                       |
| ------------ | --------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------- |
| A            |           | Press the 'A' button!                                             |
| B            |           | Press the 'B' button!                                             |
| Down, ⬇️     |           | Move Up                                                           |
| Help         | (Command) | Display a help menu.                                              |
| Left, ⬅️     |           | Move Up                                                           |
| PFP, Profile | @username | Did someone make their Profile Picture for ants? Well here ya go! |
| Right, ➡️    |           | Move Up                                                           |
| Select       |           | Press the 'Select' button!                                        |
| Start        |           | Press the 'Start' button!                                         |
| Up, ⬆️       |           | Move Up                                                           |
| resize       |           | Resize Window                                                     |
